Theatre:
Located on the first floor of the Aspiration Building. The theatre is a place for gatherings and theatrical performances. The color of the seats is not in a pattern because they are randomly selected by a computer and these colors are the theme colors of BNDS. Daily performances are often held here. The annual musical has been staged here every year. From "The Violinist on the Roof" in 2014, to "SpongeBob SquarePants" in 2024, and to "Alice in Wonderland" this year. Each musical requires six months of preparation and over 100 students participate in the front and back stage work. Eventually, this show will be presented to 2,000 audience members. The money earned from the concerts will be donated to charity organizations. 

University Application Consultation Center:
Located on the first floor of the Aspiration Building. It provides university consultation and application services for our students. The consultation center also helps students prepare for standardized tests such as TOEFL, IELTS, ACT and SAT. BNDS is one of the test centers for ACT, and is striving to become a TOEFL test center. When students need to take the SAT exam abroad, we will organize an examination group and send teachers to accompany the students, providing them with continuous encouragement and support throughout the process. We hope that students can achieve excellent results. 

The Cinema:
It is located on the first floor of the Aspiration Building. The student cinema is mainly operated by students and can be used during class hours. Every week, wonderful movies are shown here, and students can choose the ones they are interested in. 

Underground Specialized Classrooms:
Located on the first floor underground of the Aspiration Building. There are classrooms for film and television, automotive design, fashion design, etc. Within the teaching building, several specialized classrooms are set up: animation classroom, fashion design classroom, automotive design classroom, and so on. These classrooms enable students to enhance their skills outside of class according to their preferences.

Fourth Floor Courtyard:
Located on the fourth floor of the Aspiration Building. The square space and a glass dome-shaped roof symbolize the spirit of BNDS, which is "thinking in a square manner and acting in a round way". Here, "square" in Chinese means sincerity and honesty. "Round" means being gentle and friendly to others. This is BNDS's expectation for the students. It is a place for organizing student activities. Usually, during the winter and summer vacations each year, alumni can hold weddings here and have BNDS witness their love. 

The 512 Biology Classroom on the 5th Floor:
It is located on the 5th floor of the Aspiration Building. The teachers of BNDS are not fixed in traditional centralized office areas but are embedded in their respective subject classrooms. The classrooms on the 3rd floor are mainly used for mathematics and computer science courses, and the classrooms on the 4th floor are where we have language classes. (In addition to English and Chinese courses, our school also offers various other language courses, such as German, Spanish, and French.) The 5th floor has a science classroom. The classrooms on the 6th floor are mainly occupied by social science courses, such as economics, psychology, and business management. Therefore, when students enter the classroom, they will immerse themselves in the subjects they are studying. 

Black Box:
It is located on the seventh floor of the Aspiration Building. This is where we hold most of our music events. BNDS has over 250 clubs, all of which are operated by students. Therefore, students never have to worry about not finding classmates with the same interests. Students can also freely establish their own clubs. 

Coffee Shop:
Located on the seventh floor of the Aspiration Building. It offers coffee, light meals, french fries, squid balls, ice cream waffles, and other foods, as well as a variety of beverages. It is a place where students gather, rest, and read. Students often queue up here for their birthdays. 

The Garden in the Air:
Located on the seventh floor of the Aspiration Building. This is a tropical botanical garden. The original purpose of establishing this garden was to facilitate experiments on plants for students majoring in biology and geography. Now, it has become a place for students to relax and have meals. 

Sixth Floor Reading Room:
Located on the sixth floor of the Aspiration Building. This is a library specially designed for students of the International Department. It houses a large number of books related to university preparatory courses (AL), advanced placement courses (AP), and the International Baccalaureate program (IB). This library is an excellent place for independent study. 

Silent glass room:
Located on the sixth floor of the Aspiration Building. Every year, Bonds selects 10 suggestions from the students and implements them the following year. 

Xun Wan:
Located on the sixth floor of the Art Building. In Chinese, the character "Xun" means the place where springs converge, symbolizing the inspiration that students gain here. Various lectures are held here frequently. Former CEO of Zhipu Light Voice and outstanding graduate Jiang Huikang, among other talented individuals, have visited here. 

Gymnasium:
Located on the east side of the Aspiration Building. It has basketball courts, badminton courts, archery, aerobics, squash, equestrian, rock climbing and other sports venues.