Catering Services:
The school has a total of eight dining halls, namely, the student cafeteria on the third floor, the coffee shop on the seventh floor of Yu Zhi Building, the light food restaurant on the first floor of Yu Zhi Building, and the coffee shop on the first floor of the library. The dining halls also hold foreign food festivals irregularly, bringing the cuisines from various foreign countries. The convenience store is located on the west side of the dining halls. Its goods can meet the daily needs of students. Payments can be made with student cards or mobile phones. 

Basic facilities for accommodation services:
Elevator. 2. Each dormitory is for 4 people, with two bunk beds (1.1m) and an independent bathroom. According to age and sleep habits, everyone can choose different bedtime times such as 9:20, 10:20 and 11:20. Students with the same living rhythm can live in the same area. 3. 24-hour hot water. 4. The apartment has a gym (opened in 2019), including one treadmill, one bicycle and one elliptical machine, which can be used by students as needed in the evening. 5. There is a study room on each floor (opened in 2011), which can also be used after lights out. However, students can only use the night study room for a maximum of two nights per week. Please don't stay up too late. 6. Hair drying room (with hair dryers), laundry room, refrigerator, microwave oven and mobile phone charging cabinet. If you are not familiar with the use of the microwave oven, you can consult the dormitory administrator teacher on the first floor. 

Daily Services:
One-stop Service Center  Located on the first floor of the library, it is a place providing educational and teaching services for school teachers and students, including campus card services, comprehensive practical courses, Communist Youth League and Young Pioneers affairs, student club work, campus event planning, psychological stress relief and psychological counseling, lost and found services, textbook and teaching aid supply, course scheduling and adjustment, and examination-related services. All the campus affairs you may need to handle can be completed in one place here. 

Library:
The first floor houses the one-stop service center and a student self-entertainment and discussion area. The second and third floors are the library reading areas. The fourth floor is the Jialin Village Academy. The fifth floor is the multi-language learning and communication center. Without the impact of the epidemic, Lin Yueqin Library is open all year round. The second and third floors are reading rooms and self-study areas, and library series courses are also held there. 

Public Spaces:
These areas are reserved for hosting special events and are accessible to students. Departments of grades can reserve the venues: Art Building, Level 6; Library, Level 2; Yuan Zhu Building, Level 1; Student Cinema, Level 1; Model United Nations Classroom, Level 1; Yuan Zhu Building, Level 4; Guang Yang Building, Level 1; Student Activity Center, Level 1 of the cafeteria; East and West areas of the cafeteria on the second floor. Self-reservation by teachers and students: Independent soundproof study space on Level 6 of Yuan Zhu Building, part of the space on Level 5 of the library, independent piano room in Art Building. Self-use of venues: Corridor sofa rest area, Library Level 1 and Incubator, Library Levels 1 and 2, Reading Room on Level 6 of Yuan Zhu Building, Restaurants except the student cafeteria. Please follow the usage rules of public spaces. 

Medical Room:
The medical room is located in the southeast corner of the student dormitory and to the northwest of the high school building. It not only provides basic medical care services for daily activities on campus, but also plays an important role in guiding students to lead a healthy life. In case of emergencies, you can call the medical room at 88625684. The duty hours of the medical room are: 24-hour duty from Monday to Thursday every week, 17:30 dismissal on Friday, 8:00 - 17:30 duty on Saturday, 18:30 duty starts on Sunday. During holidays and winter/summer vacations, the duty hours are arranged based on the students' leave arrangements from 8:00 to 17:30. 

Gymnasium & Stadium:
It consists of three floors above ground and two floors underground, featuring basketball courts, badminton courts, volleyball courts, swimming pools, gyms, table tennis courts, aerobics rooms, etc., which can meet the basic sports needs of students. Besides the indoor gymnasium, the school also has an archery hall (under the stadium stands), a fencing hall, a squash court (on the west side of the art building), an aerobics hall, a tennis court (in the northwest corner of the playground), a baseball and softball field (on the west side of the playground), a football field (on the playground), and indoor and outdoor climbing walls (on the walls adjacent to the art department and the library). I hope everyone can experience various sports activities at Tenyi University, cultivate hobbies and specialties, develop the habit of lifelong exercise, and make friends of different grades during the sports activities. 

Museum (Former School History Museum):
The school museum not only houses historical relics, historical pictures and reminiscence articles of the school, but also records the growth of No. 11 School. Every graduating class can leave items with commemorative significance in the museum when they leave the school. Welcome to visit the museum, search for the footprints of No. 11 School's development, and also welcome you to join the school history宣讲 team to extract and inherit the excellent culture of No. 11. Lost and Found and Card Affairs  One-stop Service Center contacts students who lost campus cards through Enterprise WeChat to collect them at the one-stop hall counter every day. Regularly， campus cards that no one claims will be sent to the grade academic affairs officers. If you find someone else's belongings， please deliver them to the first floor of the library. Valuables such as computers， mobile phones， watches， and headphones should be handed over to the teacher at the one-stop service counter， and other items should be placed at the lost and found area near the stairs. If you lose something， students can self-claim it at the first floor lost and found area of the library and sign on the on-site record book. Valuables can contact the teacher at the one-stop service counter.